# moodle-quiz_liveviewpoll
This Live Polling module is a quiz plugin to allow teachers to use a quiz for in-class polling. The teacher interface allows teachers to start and stop polling. A teacher starts polling by sending a question. Any student submitting an answer or refreshing a page from a quiz receives the question that was sent. Students cannot go to another question until a different question is sent. As students submit or change answers to the question, the teacher's display of their responses changes automatically. The only responses that are displayed are the responses that are sent after the teacher sends the question. For multichoice, truefalse, and calculated multichoice questions, the student responses are displayed in a histogram. For essay questions and all other question types, the student answers are displayed with each student getting one line in the display. For these type of questions the teacher can choose to show or hide the names of the students submitting responses. The teacher also has the option of displaying a dynamic table/spreadsheet of student responses to all of the questions in the quiz. However, the table/spreadsheet display requires that the Moodle module "Live Report" be loaded in the Moodle site. The grades associated with these responses can be displayed or hidden. The display of responses to each of the questions can also be displayed. To install this "Live Polling" module, place the liveviewpoll directory as a sub-directory in the /mod/quiz/report/ directory, creating the /mod/quiz/report/liveviewpoll/ directory. After installing this quiz report module, teachers can click on the "Live Poll" option in the "Report" drop-down menu to access this plugin.
This plugin handles groups correctly. 
If a student starts the first attempt of the quiz after a question has been sent, the student will not see the correct question until the next question is sent. 
